---
keywords: fastai
title: College Board Quiz Corrections
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-01-30-CBCorrections.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023-01-30-CBCorrections.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Corrections">Corrections<a class="anchor-link" href="#Corrections"> </a></h1><table>
<thead><tr>
<th>Question Number</th>
<th>What I got Wrong/Improvement</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>7</td>
<td>I answered A when the correct answer was C. I was a little confused with what changes needed to be made to the algorithim. I will read the question more properly next time.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>14</td>
<td>I answered D when the correct answer was A. I had some trouble reading this diagram and could not correlate which one matched the questions that it was asking. I will improve on diagram reading.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>15</td>
<td>I answered D when the correct answer was A. This was a question about grids and I did not truly understand how to decipher how to make the better grids. It was hard for me and I will better understand this next time.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>17</td>
<td>THis one I just answered A when I was supposed to select two answers. I just read the question a little wrong.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>27</td>
<td>I answered A when the correct answer was D. This was another diagram question and it is something that I need to work on.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>28</td>
<td>THis one I just answered C when I was supposed to select two answers. I just read the question a little wrong.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>30</td>
<td>This one I answered A when the corret answers were B and C. I could not understand what program was fit to draw exactly that shape. I need to better understand different logistics that help draw figures like that.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>43</td>
<td>I answered A when the correct asnwer was C. For this one I just got confused for the purpose and differences for computer cimulation logistics. I need to do better when it comes to understanding the purposes of computer simulations.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>44</td>
<td>I answered A when the correct answer was D. In this problem I just misread the question and did not completely understand the banks function. I have to do better when it comes to understanding the problme better.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>47</td>
<td>I answered A when the correct answer was C. In this problem I misunderstood what a heuristic was. I need to do better when it comes to what a heuristic is and what its application is.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>48</td>
<td>I anseweed C when the answer was D. I could not properly read the ines of code. I was not able to understand the functions of each line and so I could not figure out which code to interchange. I need to get better at readings lines of code.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>49</td>
<td>I answered B when the correct answer was D. This was a question about computers and I did not think about it properly. It was hard for me and I will better understand this next time.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

